what functional love is in the air all
month and this week I've been amping up
the romance with some truly amazing love
stories from the city that never sleeps
that's New York and recently I got this
video from a man who was absolutely
clueless about how to take things to the
next level with his girl
take a look hey Steve I need your help
my name is James I'm madly in love with
my girlfriend janessa and I'm ready to
make her my wife I met her walking my
six-year-old son guy into a pre-k
classroom the moment I saw her I knew
she was gonna be my wife she was amazing
and still to this day I think she's
amazing every time I see her Steve I'm
in love I need your help I'm willing to
do whatever it takes to make this
proposal the best proposal anybody has
ever experienced please help folks lucky
for James
I am the CLO that's the chief of love
officer so when I was in New York we met
up and I helped him create one of the
most memorable proposals we've ever
pulled off check it out
I cannot believe today's the day I'm
getting engaged and Steve Harvey's
helping me pull this off this is
outrageously crazy I cannot be more
excited to meet Steve and get this thing
going okay James so how you feeling man
it's a big day for you I'm super excited
and nervous it's a big step man the
biggest step I've ever taken I got all
the details worked out I don't want you
to worry about nothing
you came to the guy so tell me a little
bit about janessa I met janessa bringing
my son to his PK classroom the first day
of school and the moment I saw him
love at first sight Oh what are you
gonna say I'm gonna speak what's on my
heart I know this is the one for ya
I got a go deal with
all these details and they're guessing
and I'm gonna check back with you yes
sir okay hi kids how you doing she loves
being a teacher more than anything in
the world and I know when she sees these
kids is absolutely gonna make this day
perfect so your jaw how you doing
looking mighty sharp there man do you
want to hold a sign for us that's how we
do you hold a sign
all right that's yeah you go
congratulation this is gonna be like the
Soul Train scramble board we're gonna
dance until we figure out what this said
line up kids you come first come in look
you girl kids stay in line put your sign
down in front your face keep your sign
flipped up what you're doing no not yet
hold this up you got to keep them turned
back over stay still
what you eat what you eating let me have
that now when I say go
hold them up and shake them go okay this
is as good as it's gonna get don't worry
about it
this could go any kind of way okay you
ready yes sir good luck man yes thank
you sir
Aug Nestle
Steve Harvey can you believe that come
on Scott my heart is pounding now
something for you what's going on
and then I turned the corner and I saw
the kids recognize these people here
walk down to the end of that carpet and
stand there please walking down the
carpet I'm seeing these kids that I used
to teach and I'm just feeling so
emotional and then I look up and I see
James and I
ah baby since the moment when our first
day I knew nobody was gonna ever hold my
heart the way you do I promise you
nobody will make you as happy as I do
and nobody will cherish you as much as I
do
maybe I love you I have one question for
you kids janessa
he pulls it off now I could plan a
wedding congratulations my work is done
here to CLO chief live officer strikes
again New York style
come on let's go shake me out shake me
out come on shake it for me
well James and janessa are planning a
summer wedding in 2015 congratulations
hey I want to sound special thanks to
our friends at overstock.com for
providing the anello diamond engagement
ring we'll be right back folks
you